Update Colcon-Tutorial.rst (#5709)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Beginner-Client-Libraries/Colcon-Tutorial.rst

    Windows doesn't allow long paths, so ``merge-install`` will combine all the paths into the ``install`` directory.

.. tip::

>    Running ``colcon build`` may freeze the screen and mouse of systems that are CPU-, RAM- and I/O-limited (e.g., Raspberry Pi), so it might be useful to use the ``--executor sequential`` argument to build the packages one by one instead of using parallelism. Read https://colcon.readthedocs.io/en/released/reference/executor-arguments.html for more arguments as needed.

Reviewer: One sentence per line + prettier link

```suggestion
   Running ``colcon build`` may freeze the screen and mouse of systems that are CPU-, RAM- and I/O-limited (e.g., Raspberry Pi), so it might be useful to use the ``--executor sequential`` argument to build the packages one by one instead of using parallelism.
   See the `colcon documentation <https://colcon.readthedocs.io/en/released/reference/executor-arguments.html>`_ for more arguments as needed.
```

    Windows doesn't allow long paths, so ``merge-install`` will combine all the paths into the ``install`` directory.

> .. note:: Running ``colcon build`` on Raspberry Pi is very CPU, RAM and I/O intensive (your screen and mouse might freeze) so it might be useful to use the ``--executor sequential`` argument to process the packages one by one instead of using parallelism.

Reviewer: I think this is a good practical tip (maybe we can use `tip` instead of `note`?), but I would refer to "limited" systems and not specifically to Raspberry Pis, since it could be anything. Just rephrase it something like:

```suggestion
.. note::

   Running ``colcon build`` may freeze the screen and mouse of systems that are CPU-, RAM- and I/O-limited (e.g., Raspberry Pi), so it might be useful to use the ``--executor sequential`` argument to build the packages one by one instead of using parallelism.
```

I also changed "process" to "build" to be a bit more explicit.

Author: I understand, I can resubmit it again once I can find the Markdown for tips
